### Daniel Lozano-Rojas
Daniel is a Statistician at the Leicester Biomedical Research Centre (BRC) in Respiratory Sciences. His work focuses on identify patterns to understand the underlying mechanisms of respiratory conditions—such as Long COVID, asthma, and pneumonia—through data-driven approaches. He primarily works with clinical data but also extends his research to large-scale analyses involving single-cell data, genomics, proteomics, and transcriptomics. During his professional career, he has collaborated with several industry partners on projects related to data modelling and process automation. Before joining the BRC, he completed a PhD at the University of Leicester, where he applied machine learning models to predict pneumonia outcomes, as well as an MSc in Applied Computation and Numerical Modelling, and holds a BSc in Chemical Engineering from Universidad de los Andes in Colombia. He joined the team driven by his interest in the intersection of protein design, synthetic biology, and artificial intelligence. 

#### Research Interests
Daniel’s research focuses on developing methodologies to model complex relationships within biological systems, particularly in healthcare applications. His interests include Gaussian processes, uncertainty quantification, single-cell analysis, and multimodal data integration. He specializes in pattern recognition and clustering models to identify non-linear correlations between potential biomarkers associated with respiratory conditions.
